Well, something less cool but
important, screen wake lock.
And this is important for
our cooking application.
So let's say you are on iPad,
you are cooking with your iPad.
What happens with the screen
of your iPad after one minute,
two minutes, that you're not touching it?
It locks down, and I'm cooking.
I don't wanna use my finger
Touch ID to open it up.
Well, for that we have screen wake lock.
That was not available on Safari
until this year, but now it's there.
So we can use it in Safari as well.
In this case, we can request a wakeLock.
In this case, we're asking the browser,
hey, browser, please ask the OS to
not lock the screen while this web
app is running, is in the foreground.
And we have an event that we
can listen to that is 'release'.
They will tell us when that event was
released by the OS for some reason,
maybe the user went to another page.
If that happens, then it's released,
you can retake it if you want
when the user goes back,
you can apply for it again.
In our example, we do have it.
So there is a capability
in Cooking Masters.
One of the ability here is Wake Lock.
So I can request Wake Lock.
We don't see anything actually.
What I have here for the Wake Lock,
I did this icon, this emoji.
So if I click there, if you see the icon,
it's because it was granted.
It is difficult to test this
naturally [LAUGH], right,
you need to trust me that it will work.
But if not, you'll need to try this.
We need to set up the machines,
then wait one minute,
then go to lock, but it works.
So this was actually important for a lot
of apps because it was a big problem that,
I mean, things like even, well,
not Netflix, because when a web
app is playing video,
there is a wake lock of automatic there.
But it was a problem for other kind
of apps that are not using video,
it can be a game, or
an immersive game in metaverse.
But it's not video, or
maybe you're not playing,
you're watching something,
and then the screen goes off.
Well, now you can request,
that while the page is there on
the screen, please don't do that.
But have in mind that using this
API will have a cost for the user.
So be a good citizen and release
that when you don't need it anymore.
So if I'm getting out of the full screen,
right now I'm releasing the wake lock,
because now I don't need to
keep the screen on anymore.